[gh-24311] Expand on documentation about jobs that are both parameterised and periodic (#24384)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/parameterized.mdx

}
```

> ### Interactions with [`periodic`][periodic] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use periodic with parameterized
```

Changed the header because I think users would search for "use" more than "interactions with".
I moved the `[periodic]` link to L157.

I also added a direct link to this section in the periodic.mdx file L122, so if you don't accept my changes, please update that entry as well.

> When trying to schedule a job that is both `parameterized` and `periodic`, an internal 
> hierarchy comes into play: A parametrized job should not be dispatched without 
> parameters by the periodic configuration, forcing the parameterized option to take
> precedence: Once the job is dispatched and given parameters, the 
> periodic configuration comes into play and a new jobs will be dispatched according 
> to the periodic configurations and with the parameters of the triggering job.

Reviewer 2: nit: chained `:`s :P

```suggestion
When trying to schedule a job that is both `parameterized` and `periodic`, an internal 
hierarchy comes into play. A parametrized job should not be dispatched without 
parameters by the periodic configuration, forcing the parameterized option to take
precedence. Once the job is dispatched and given parameters, the 
periodic configuration comes into play and a new jobs will be dispatched according 
to the periodic configurations and with the parameters of the triggering job.
```

> When trying to schedule a job that is both `parameterized` and `periodic`, an internal 
> hierarchy comes into play: A parametrized job should not be dispatched without 
> parameters by the periodic configuration, forcing the parameterized option to take
> precedence: Once the job is dispatched and given parameters, the 
> periodic configuration comes into play and a new jobs will be dispatched according 
> to the periodic configurations and with the parameters of the triggering job.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Nomad uses an internal hierarchy when scheduling a job that is both `parameterized` and [`periodic`][periodic].

```plaintext
parameterized => periodic => batch
```

1. Nomad does not dispatch a periodic job with null parameters in the periodic configuration. This forces the parameterized job to take precedence over the periodic job.
1. After Nomad dispatches the parameterized job and gives it parameters, Nomad uses the periodic configuration.
1. Nomad dispatches new jobs according to the periodic configuration that uses thee parameters from the triggering parameterized job.
````

I reorganized based on Daniel's L164 suggestion. The opening paragraph contains a lot of information, and I had to read it a couple of times to understand it all. I tried to reorganize into a basic sentence structure and numbered list so the content is easier to scan.

Style guide -> present tense, active voice, direct language (see https://github.com/hashicorp/team-nomad/blob/main/wiki/docs.md#sentence-structure)

Reviewer: @Juanadelacuesta did you want to include this suggestion?

> 

Reviewer 2: the long description is good, but a short summary might be nice too:

```suggestion

In short, the ordering is `parameterized` => `periodic` => `batch`.

```

> For example a job with the following configuration will not trigger any new jobs 
> until it is dispatched at least once, and after that the dispatched child will 
> periodically trigger more children with the given parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the periodic job does not trigger any new jobs 
until Nomad dispatches the parameterized job at least once. After that, the dispatched child periodically triggers more children with the given parameters. 
```

```hcl
  periodic {
    crons = [
      "*/40 * * * * * *"
    ]
  }
  parameterized {
    payload       = "required"
    meta_required = ["dispatcher_email"]
    meta_optional = ["pager_email"]
  }
```

> The first job `batch/periodic/parameterized` corresponds to the parameterized and
> periodic job, but it won't result in any new allocations until a `dispatch` with the 
> necessary parameters is submitted. The second job `batch/periodic` will trigger 
> the subsequent jobs `batch`. Any new dispatch will trigger a new flow of new 
> periodic jobs with the corresponding parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three columns plus comments in this example output, which is for the preceding periodic, parameterized example job.

1. The `sync` job is the parameterized and periodic job. However, Nomad doesn't run the periodic job until you submit with the required parameters.
1. The `sync/dispatch-1730972650-247c6e97` job contains parameters and triggers the batch jobs, named `sync/dispatch-1730972650-247c6e97/periodic-1730972680` and `sync/dispatch-1730972650-247c6e97/periodic-1730972860`.
1. The `sync/dispatch-1730972760-f79a96e1` job assigns new parameters and triggers new batch jobs that use those parameters.
```

Style guide changes. I also tried to list in order what the example illustrates.

```
$ nomad job status                                                      
ID                                                     Type                            Submit Date
sync                                                   batch/periodic/parameterized    2024-11-07T10:43:30+01:00 // Original submitted job
sync/dispatch-1730972650-247c6e97                      batch/periodic                  2024-11-07T10:44:10+01:00 // First dispatched job with parameters A

> sync/dispatch-1730972650-247c6e97/periodic-1730972680  batch                           2024-11-07T10:44:40+01:00 // Cron job with parameters A

Reviewer 2: whoa! I didn't notice these great `// comments` in the preview, because I didn't see that the little code block could scroll to the right; I only saw to the `Type` column.  I'm not sure what to suggest for that... maybe say above this to "Scroll to the right for descriptions of each job."?

sync/dispatch-1730972650-247c6e97/periodic-1730972860  batch                           2024-11-07T10:47:40+01:00 // Cron job with parameters A
sync/dispatch-1730972760-f79a96e1                      batch/periodic                  2024-11-07T10:46:00+01:00 // Second dispatched job with parameters B
sync/dispatch-1730972760-f79a96e1/periodic-1730972800  batch                           2024-11-07T10:46:40+01:00 // Cron job with parameters B
sync/dispatch-1730972760-f79a96e1/periodic-1730972860  batch                           2024-11-07T10:47:40+01:00 // Cron job with parameters B
```

> If a periodic job needs to be forced by any reason, the corresponding parameterized job needs to be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to force the periodic job, force the the corresponding parameterized job.

This example forces the first dispatched job with parameters A from the preceding example.
```
